# InitiateCallback

The Initiate event is fired when an inbound call is received for a Telephone Number on your Account. It is sent to the URL specified in the application associated with the location (sip-peer) that the called telephone number belongs to.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**eventType** | **string** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**eventTime** | **string** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**accountId** | **string** | The user account associated with the call. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**applicationId** | **string** | The id of the application associated with the call. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**from** | **string** | The provided identifier of the caller. Must be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] [default to undefined]
**to** | **string** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] [default to undefined]
**direction** | [**CallDirectionEnum**](CallDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**callId** | **string** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**callUrl** | **string** | The URL of the call associated with the event. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**startTime** | **string** | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**diversion** | [**Diversion**](Diversion.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**stirShaken** | [**StirShaken**](StirShaken.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**uui** | **string** | The value of the &#x60;User-To-User&#x60; header to send within the initial &#x60;INVITE&#x60;. Must include the encoding parameter as specified in RFC 7433. Only &#x60;base64&#x60;, &#x60;jwt&#x60; and &#x60;hex&#x60; encoding are currently allowed. This value, including the encoding specifier, may not exceed 256 characters. | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { InitiateCallback } from 'bandwidth-sdk';

const instance: InitiateCallback = {
    eventType,
    eventTime,
    accountId,
    applicationId,
    from,
    to,
    direction,
    callId,
    callUrl,
    startTime,
    diversion,
    stirShaken,
    uui,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
