# ReferCompleteCallback

The Refer Complete event is fired when the <Refer> verb finishes executing. This is sent to the referCompleteUrl specified on the <Refer> verb, and the BXML returned in it is executed on the call.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**eventType** | **string** | The event type, value can be one of the following: answer, bridgeComplete, bridgeTargetComplete, conferenceCreated, conferenceRedirect, conferenceMemberJoin, conferenceMemberExit, conferenceCompleted, conferenceRecordingAvailable, disconnect, dtmf, gather, initiate, machineDetectionComplete, recordingComplete, recordingAvailable, redirect, referComplete, transcriptionAvailable, transferAnswer, transferComplete, transferDisconnect. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**eventTime** | **string** | The approximate UTC date and time when the event was generated by the Bandwidth server, in ISO 8601 format. This may not be exactly the time of event execution. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**accountId** | **string** | The user account associated with the call. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**applicationId** | **string** | The id of the application associated with the call. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**from** | **string** | The provided identifier of the caller. Must be a phone number in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] [default to undefined]
**to** | **string** | The phone number that received the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555). | [optional] [default to undefined]
**direction** | [**CallDirectionEnum**](CallDirectionEnum.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**callId** | **string** | The call id associated with the event. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**callUrl** | **string** | The URL of the call associated with the event. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**startTime** | **string** | Time the call was started, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**answerTime** | **string** | Time the call was answered, in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**tag** | **string** | (optional) The tag specified on call creation. If no tag was specified or it was previously cleared, this field will not be present. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**referCallStatus** | [**ReferCallStatus**](ReferCallStatus.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**referSipResponseCode** | **number** | The SIP response code received for the REFER request (e.g. 202, 405, 603). Absent when not applicable. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**notifySipResponseCode** | **number** | The SIP response code received in the NOTIFY message (e.g. 200, 404, 486). Absent on REFER rejection or NOTIFY timeout. | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { ReferCompleteCallback } from 'bandwidth-sdk';

const instance: ReferCompleteCallback = {
    eventType,
    eventTime,
    accountId,
    applicationId,
    from,
    to,
    direction,
    callId,
    callUrl,
    startTime,
    answerTime,
    tag,
    referCallStatus,
    referSipResponseCode,
    notifySipResponseCode,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
