# TfvStatus


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**phoneNumber** | **string** | Toll-free telephone number in E.164 format. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**status** | [**TfvStatusEnum**](TfvStatusEnum.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**internalTicketNumber** | **string** | Unique identifier (UUID) generated by Bandwidth to assist in tracking the verification status of a toll-free number - included in all webhook payloads. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**declineReasonDescription** | **string** | Explanation for why a verification request was declined. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**resubmitAllowed** | **boolean** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification request qualifies for resubmission via PUT. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**createdDateTime** | **string** | Date and time the verification request was created. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**modifiedDateTime** | **string** | Date and time the verification request was last modified. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**submission** | [**TfvSubmissionInfo**](TfvSubmissionInfo.md) |  | [optional] [default to undefined]
**blocked** | **boolean** | Whether a Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] [default to undefined]
**blockedReason** | **string** | The reason why the Toll-Free Verification is blocked. This attribute will only be defined when the number is blocked. | [optional] [default to undefined]

## Example

```typescript
import { TfvStatus } from 'bandwidth-sdk';

const instance: TfvStatus = {
    phoneNumber,
    status,
    internalTicketNumber,
    declineReasonDescription,
    resubmitAllowed,
    createdDateTime,
    modifiedDateTime,
    submission,
    blocked,
    blockedReason,
};
```

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)
